>> REPRESENTATIVE O'ROURKE,
TEXAS VALUES.
>> ONLY ONE OF US HAS BEEN TO
EACH KOUPTS TYCOUNTY IN TEXAS A
HAVE AN IDEA OF WHAT TEXAS
INTERESTS AND VALUES ARE.
WITHIN MONTHS OF BEING SWORN TO
SERVE AS YOUR SENATOR, TED CRUZ
WAS NOT IN TEXAS.
HE WAS IN IOWA.
HE VISITED EVERY SINGLE ONE OF
THE 99 COUNTIES OF IOWA.
NEW HAMPSHIRE, SOUTH CAROLINA,
THE REPUBLICAN PRESIDENTIAL
PRIMARY STATES INSTEAD OF BEING
HERE.
HE SHUT DOWN YOUR GOVERNMENT FOR
16 DAYS IN 2013 BECAUSE TOO MANY
PEOPLE WERE GETTING TOO MUCH
HEALTH CARE IN THE UNITED STATES
OF AMERICA.
AND IN 2015, HE MISSED ONE
QUARTER OF THE VOTES IN THE
UNITED STATES SENATE.
IN 2016, HE MISSED ONE-HALF OF
THE VOTES IN THE UNITED STATES
SENATE.
YOU TELL ME WHO CAN MISS HALF
THE DAYS AT WORK AND THEN BE
REHIRED FOR THE SAME JOB GOING
FORWARD.
THAT'S NOT WHAT TEXANS WANT.
THEY DON'T WANT SOMEBODY WHO IS
CAPTURED BY CORPORATIONS AND
POLITICAL ACTION COMMITTEES AND
SPECIAL INTEREST BECAUSE THAT'S
WHERE TED CRUZ GETS HIS MONEY.
OUR CAMPAIGN IS THE LARGEST
GRASSROOTS CAMPAIGN THIS STATE
HAS EVER SEEN.
FUNDED BY PEOPLE AND ONLY
PEOPLE.
AND EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THE
COUNTIES OF TEXAS EVERY SINGLE
DAY.
>> CONGRESSMAN, THAT'S YOUR
TIME.
SENATOR?
>> CONGRESSMAN O'ROURKE DOESN'T
SEEM TO UNDERSTAND THAT
REPRESENTING TEXAS IS NOT DOING
A PHOTO OP IN EACH COUNTY IN
TEXAS WITH PHOTOGRAPHERS IN TOW
BUT IT'S STANDING UP AND
FIGHTING FOR THE PEOPLE OF
TEXAS.
IN THE SIX YEARS I'VE
REPRESENTED TEXAS, I'VE BEEN
THERE ON THE GROUND IN WEST
TEXAS WHEN THE EXPLOSION
HAPPENED.
I WAS ON THE GROUND WITH THE
FAMILIES OF THE FIRST RESPONDERS
WHO WERE KILLED.
WHEN HURRICANE HARVEY HIT THIS
STATE, I WAS ON THE GROUND IN MY
HOMETOWN OF HOUSTON, BUT ALSO IN
VICTORIA AND ROCKPORT AND
ARANSIS PASS AND ORANGE AND
NEEDERLAND.
NOT ONCE, NOT TWICE BUT THREE,
FOUR, FIVE TIMES ON THE GROUND
WITH THE PEOPLE OF TEXAS.
WHEN SUTHSERLAND SPRINGS SAW THE
WORST CHURCH SHOOTING IN THE
HISTORY OF THIS COUNTRY, I WAS
ON THE GROUND.
REPRESENTING TEXAS IS BEING
THERE FOR TEXAS BUT ACTUALLY
STANDING UP AND FIGHTING FOR
TEXANS, NOT GEORGE SOROS OR
LIBERAL INTERESTS BUT FIGHTING
FOR THE VALUES OF THE PEOPLE OF
TEXAS.
>> AND THE NEXT QUESTION GOES TO
REPRESENTATIVE O'ROURKE.
THE TEXAS BUSINESS COMMUNITY
OVERWHELMINGLY SUPPORTED THE TAX
OVERHAUL THAT YOU VOTED AGAINST
LAST YEAR.
HOW CAN YOU EFFECTIVELY
REPRESENT THAT IMPORTANT
CONSTITUENCY WHEN YOU HAVE SUCH
A FUNDAMENTAL DISAGREEMENT?
>> GENERATIONS FROM NOW, PEOPLE
LOOKING BACK AT THIS MOMENT WILL
NOT BE ABLE TO BELIEVE THAT A
COUNTRY $21 TRILLION IN DEBT
WITH THE GREATEST LEVELS OF
INCOME DISPARITY THAT WE'VE SEEN
SINCE THE LAST GILDED AGE OF
MORE THAN 100 YEARS AGO WOULD
FIND AS ITS SOLUTION TO THE
PROBLEM $2 TRILLION IN TAX
BREAKS THAT DISPROPORTIONATELY
FLOW TO CORPORATIONS ALREADY
SITTING ON RECORD PILES OF CASH
AND THE ALREADY WEALTHY IN THIS
COUNTRY.
THE TAX BILL WRITTEN BY THE
LOBBYISTS FOR THOSE VERY
CORPORATIONS, IN FACT, IN ONE
DRAFT IN THE MARGINS WRITTEN BY
THOSE LOBBYISTS SO THAT THEIR
CORPORATE BOSSES COULD SEE THE
TEXT BEFORE THE SENATORS COULD
VOTE ON IT.
AND IN THE DAYS BEFORE AND JUST
AFTER SENATOR CRUZ VOTED FOR
THIS MASSIVE GIVEAWAY TO THE
ALREADY WEALTHY, HE RECEIVED
MORE THAN $120,000 FROM THE
POLITICAL ACTION COMMITTEES THAT
REPRESENT THOSE WHO BENEFITED
FROM THESE TAX BREAKS.
I BELIEVE NOT IN INVESTING IN
CORPORATIONS AND IN SPECIAL
INTEREST.
I BELIEVE IN INVESTING IN
PEOPLE, IN UNIVERSAL PRE-K FOR
EVERY CHILD SO EVERYONE HAS THE
SAME STARTING LINE IN LIFE.
IN HEALTH CARE FOR EVERY TEXAN
AND EVERY AMERICAN SO THEY'RE
WELL ENOUGH TO BE THEIR BEST.
THE ABILITY TO ATTEND COMMUNITY
COLLEGE OR SMU SO THAT YOU CAN
BETTER YOURSELF AND DO BETTER
FOR EVERYONE ELSE IN YOUR LIFE,
IN YOUR COMMUNITY, AND IN THIS
COUNTRY.
I BELIEVE IN INVESTING IN
BROADBAND INTERNET IN THE 50% OF
RURAL TEXAS THAT TODAY CANNOT
RELIABLY GET ONLINE.
I BELIEVE IN INVESTING IN --
>> THAT'S YOUR TIME.
>> -- IN PEOPLE, NOT IN
CORPORATIONS, SPECIAL INTERESTS
AND POLITICAL ACTION COMMITTEES.
>> YOU KNOW, THERE'S A
CONSISTENCY IN CONGRESSMAN
O'ROURKE'S RECORD.
OVER AND OVER AND OVER AGAIN HE
SUPPORTS HIGHER TAXES.
WHEN HE WAS ON THE EL PASO CITY
COUNCIL HE VOTED THREE TIMES TO
UNCREASE PROPERTY TAXES IN EL
PASO.
HE VOTED IN FAVOR OF A RAIN TAX.
I GUESS A TAX ON RAIN BUT I'M
NOT SURE.
A POOL TAX.
AS A MEMBER OF CONGRESS, HE HAS
VOTED IN FAVOR OF THE DEATH TAX.
HE VOTED AGAINST THE TAX CUT
AND, BY THE WAY, THIS TAX CUT
HAS CUT TAXES ON AMERICANS ALL
ACROSS TEXAS.
IT DOUBLED THE CHILD TAX CREDIT.
IF YOU ARE A PARENT, IT DOUBLED
IT FROM $1,000 A CHILD TO $2,000
A CHILD.
THAT'S REAL MONEY.
BY THE WAY, THAT'S REFUNDABLE
AND IN YOUR POCKET.
YET HIS ANSWER IS HE DOESN'T
WANT TO CUT TAXES.
HE WANTS TO RAISE YOUR TAXES.
SO UNDERSTAND WHAT BETO O'ROURKE
IS PROMISING YOU.
IF HE'S ELECTED, HE WILL FIGHT
TO RAISE YOUR TAXES.
THAT IS NOT CONSISTENT WITH WHAT
THE PEOPLE OF TEXAS WANT.
>> REPRESENTATIVE?
>> THOSE SIX YEARS ON THE EL
PASO CITY COUNCIL, EVERY SINGLE
YEAR, WE BALANCED THE BUDGET.
WE DIDN'T SEE EACH OTHER AS
REPUBLICANS OR DEMOCRATS.
WE SAW EACH OTHER AS EL PASOANS
WITH A COMMON INTEREST IN
DELIVERING FOR THE TAXPAYERS IN
OUR COMMUNITY.
ONLY ONE OF US ON THIS STAGE HAS
STARTED AND RUN A SMALL
BUSINESS.
HAD TO MEET PAYROLL EVERY SINGLE
WEEK.
HAD TO GO BEFORE THE BANK AND
TRY TO GET A LOAN TO EXPAND THAT
BUSINESS.
HAD TO GO OUT AND HUSTLE FOR NEW
CUSTOMERS AND MAKE SURE THAT WE
KEPT THOSE WHO WE ALREADY HAD
HAPPY GOING FORWARD.
THAT REQUIRED BALANCING A BUDGET
AND UNDERSTANDING HOW TO MAKE
ENDS MEET.
I WANT TO MAKE SURE THAT, AGAIN,
WE'RE NOT GIVING AWAY TO
CORPORATIONS AND SPECIAL
INTEREST.
THAT'S WHAT SENATOR CRUZ WOULD
DO THANKS TO THE CONTRIBUTIONS
THAT HE'S RECEIVED FROM THOSE
POLITICAL ACTION COMMITTEES.
HE'S WORKING FOR THE CLAMP DOWN
AND THE CORPORATIONS.
AND THE SPECIAL IN